feat(nodejs): add a bun.lock analyzer (#8897)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/coverage/language/nodejs.md

|       npm       | package-lock.json |            ✓            |         [Excluded](#npm)          |                  ✓                   |    ✓     |
|      Yarn       | yarn.lock         |            ✓            |         [Excluded](#yarn)         |                  ✓                   |    ✓     |
|      pnpm       | pnpm-lock.yaml    |            ✓            | [Excluded](#lock-file-v9-version) |                  ✓                   |    -     |

> |       Bun       | bun.lock          |            ✓            |         [Excluded](#bun)          |                  ✓                   |    ✓     |

Reviewer: We add a link for the `Excluded` field because there is a nuance for dev dependencies (`Dev` field + `--include-dev-deps` flag).
Can you add information about the `--include-dev-deps` flag to the `Bun` paragraph?

e.g. https://trivy.dev/latest/docs/coverage/language/nodejs/#lock-file-v9-version

Author: Added in latest commit

Trivy supports `Dev` field for `pnpm-lock.yaml` v9 or later. Use the `--include-dev-deps` flag to include the developer's dependencies in the result.

### Bun

> Trivy supports scanning `yarn.lock` files generated by [Bun](https://bun.sh/docs/install/lockfile#how-do-i-inspect-bun-s-lockfile). You can use the command `bun install -y` to generate a Yarn-compatible `yarn.lock`. Trivy also supports scanning `bun.lock` file generated by [Bun](https://bun.sh/blog/bun-lock-text-lockfile). You can use Bun v1.2 which uses this file as default or use `bun install --save-text-lockfile` in Bun v1.1.39 to generate it.

Reviewer: nit:
Let's say about bun.lock file first.
```suggestion
Trivy also supports scanning `bun.lock` file generated by [Bun](https://bun.sh/blog/bun-lock-text-lockfile). 
You can use Bun v1.2 which uses this file as default or use `bun install --save-text-lockfile` in Bun v1.1.39 to generate it.

For previous Bun versions you can use the command `bun install -y` to generate a Yarn-compatible `yarn.lock` and then scan it with Trivy.
```

Trivy supports `Dev` field for `pnpm-lock.yaml` v9 or later. Use the `--include-dev-deps` flag to include the developer's dependencies in the result.

### Bun
Trivy supports scanning `bun.lock` file generated by [Bun](https://bun.sh/blog/bun-lock-text-lockfile). You can use Bun v1.2 which has this file as default or use `bun install --save-text-lockfile` in Bun v1.1.39 to generate it.

> You need to run `bun install` to have `node_modules` beforehand so that Trivy can analyze it for licenses.

Reviewer: Add an extra new line, to separate paragraphs.

You can use `mage docs:serve` to see your changes.

Author: Fixed in latest commit

> !!! note

Reviewer: You need to remove this.
